
newly introduced bug:  decorative windowFg items no longer show properly


EDUCAUSE TODO:

Support images in question template
Support link-image-id in link (and video) items

sxs poll questions (fake the results)

video item:  treat as Link type


(also need to do templates for non-sxs: horizontal layout links and images, links with thumbnail)


Store saved sxs items in episode

add 'edit' button to sxs items in all modes

add 'delete' button when editing an existing item

'delete' for uploaded assets





Display sxs items with instructor thumbnail in search results, explore mode



timeline slider for changing sxs item start times



insert video duration into timeline














OTHER:

(In authoring tool) Plugin events need to support template URLs just as other items do.  For now
they're hardcoded to usc-badges.html

Code tidiness:
Extract item plugins from ittItem into separate directives
Extract autscroll and maybe toolbar hide/reveal behavior from PlayerController into  own directives


add keyboard accessibility (at minimum put a tabindex and ARIA roles on mode and other buttons)


Other 508 compliance: alt tags on images, etc


Bring back the loading icon for iframes attempted in v4.0.32 (disabled because wasn't working with PDFs in chrome)


include a sample iframe page with instructions for customers on how best to embed our player


include a sample iframe page with instructions for customers on how best to embed our player





review mode: force-transmedia template is too strict; should override link, upload and annotation, not plugins


Change handling of 500 errors: don't display returned html, just a generic error message


add episode colors to bottom toolbar (.progressbar .played in particular)


make sure modelSvc is still doing this:
Currently player is url-encoding " ", "&" and "?" for uploads url and alternate_url fields, and for master asset urls.  For other urls only encoding spaces.


Make a list for Bill of which templateUrls should map to which new fields

More key controls:  up/down for prev/next transmedia item, left/right for prev/next scene
(WSAD too just for yucks?)

For bill: is it possible to extract video information (size, duration) from a video file when the user is uploading it?  — espeically duration, framerate  (e.g. 24000/1001), duration are most important


New scene template: picture-in-picture  (video is a position:fixed thumbnail in one lower corner, transcript floating next to it as pseudo-CC, full canvas is the transmedia pane)

modal style should be an (episode-level) template choice

"touchable" images should compare their inline size to the actual size, only show the popup option if it's bigger

Bring back fullscreen mode (needs browser testing muchly)

Safari is still not working with youtube, either in desktop or ipad/phone. argh.  Diabled for now, reverting to mp4 version

youtube is failing to play some videos on firefox when  flash is not installed.  Niche problem, but needs an error message with a link to flash installer at least.   


Longer-term suggestion from Abi: a way to show important transmedia in watch mode (allow flagging items as 'essential' so they'll show up in all modes?)

iOS is still letting you drag the timeline outside the visible boundaries when the timeline is zoomed in (no longer can set values outside the playable range, though, so we've got that going for us which is nice)

player needs to watch for error states coming from youtube or the <video>, if possible.


Improve generic error handler


remove div=clear from end of items; they interfere with sidebars

preload images ahead of playhead? 

Add links to other episodes in the session to the ending screen
 
Find out why m3u8 was causing problems, fix it


ModelSvc may need to tweak episode data (ensure scenes are contiguous and non-overlapping, make sure items are all within scenes) (or just do this inside producer.)

Bill may change API to return all parent containers for an episode instead of us having to walk up the tree


episodeMetrics (or a new endpoint) should log Story application errors, too -- with browser version, platform, etc if possible


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Future:

Youtube should work on iDevices and android. Doesn't. Fix that.

zooming timeline should reveal untitled scenes and (if zoomed far enough) items: don't have a separate MarkedEvents array


Asked Bill to add data fields: 
* episode: "friendly ID"  (for use in url).  Needs a lookup endpoint. Ideally separate lists per customer so each could have its own e.g. "s3-e1"
* Annotation events: isTranscript true/false (maybe.  transcript does get a lot of special handling, but backwards compatibility would be annoying here)
* Link events: noEmbed (for links with framebreakers), forceEmbed (for links that must be embedded, no link)
* Link events: targetTop (for end-of-episode links to LTI host)
* All events + episode: app version number (to make it easier to distinguish between legacy and new episodes)

TODO give him a list of template urls that should map to the various flags (isTranscript, noEmbed, forceEmbed, targetTop, etc)


end of episode scene


Consider eliminating fg panes other than windowFg (check existing episodes, are any using them?)
Treat windowFg items as content by default,  not cosmetic.

Instead maybe have fg panes for specific layouts with built-in styles? (modal)

Scenes: handle showTimeline layouts

sceneModifier events (as event plugin)


"text" scenes:  no video; have a button at the end to start the next scene (landing screen could be a special case of this). Timeline shows this as a 'duration' proportional to the length of the page, and autoscrolls the page if you "play"


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SXS:
Build a demo analytics dashboard


update timelineSvc to better handle multiple episodes:
	Needs to be able to change the video source to a new episode (different video node? change source of single node? playlist?)
	Will also need to be able to capture analytics for episode time instead of timeline time...
	timelineSvc needs functions to translate episode->timeline time and vice versa


Add a "skip" type of event to allow skipping scenes (unless we decide to do sxs episodes as standalone copies of the original instead of edits to the original)


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Producer UI:  

clicking on a scene or item should highlight its duration in the timeline, with draggable handlebars


Producer nav:
Expand player's    [watch]   |    [discover]     | [review]
					 into [transcribe] | [scene | content] | [review]

[transcribe] looks like watch mode, with text input where the captions field is, and a pulldown for speaker

			 extra controls above for adjusting the current transcript block's start / end times
					(moving the start time handle automatically skips the video to the new start time and plays a snippet)
					(moving the end time handle automatically plays the same length snippet *ending at* the new end time)
					display times of preceding and next transcript items too, if they exist, and an 'add' button:

					 {prev item } [this item starttime .... this item endtime] [add new item]   {next item }
					 (curlies just display previous item's start time (and end time if specified), next item's start time; click on a curly switches to that as the current item)
					 (square brackets are time input fields for editing the current item start and end times:  text plus slider)

				may have a side column to allow easier switching from one transcript node to another (not for direct editing though)

("scene" and "content" are unnamed-to-the-user toggles inside discover mode.)

[scene] edits the layout (scene template) and backgrounds for each pane and for the whole scene.

				Control panel above bottom toolbar --  where the captions were again! Consistent! -- for scene template changes

				prompt "edit the current layout or add a layout change here?" <-- this is workable but could do better
				also a 'remove this layout') 

				Clicking on a pane brings up a list of all (Bg/Fg) items in the pane in that scene, lets you set start/end times individually.   (Or for a first version, only have one Bg per pane per scene, set to duration of scene?)

[content] layer reveals the content items in the scene layout
					with an "add" button as the last item in each pane. 
					Click individual items to change their styling and content (in a modal, with preview)

[review] is just like review mode, but you can click on anything to edit it in a modal.  
					Add a 3rd column for cosmetic items if you want. Make that user toggleable if you want to get fancy.


