

iOS devices are getting the smallest video now; test on android to do the same thing


ModelSvc needs to tweak episode data (ensure scenes are contiguous and non-overlapping, make sure items are all within scenes)


Bugs:


iOS: (intermittent) matchVideoHeight is occasionally failing in some scene transitions, leaving video overlapping text
iOS: (intermittent) sometimes losing the ability to tap on video to pause, or to tap on bottom toolbar to show it
iOS (and android?): need to fix hide/reveal of bottom toolbar; replace the desktop methods altogether?


Chrome has autoscroll turned off when you first enter review mode
Chrome: If user tries to scroll during an autoscroll animation, the autoscroll isn't relinquishing control until after the animation is done
IE: isn't recognizing when user hits "ESC" key to close a modal
IE: footer logo has wrong aspect ratio 
Android chrome: Youtube throwing error on video play



app.js uses localStorage to find the login url if it gets 401 errors from the API.  TODO: handle cases where user data exists but localStorage doesn't (check Safari in "private browsing" mode for example)

Compare all scene and item templates to existing episodes for backwards compatibility....
in particular test link-youtube, embed-youtube, and link-embed



Have timeline run a very slow interval update of all item states, in case anythign gets stuck


---- ABOVE IS NEED FOR 4.0 LAUNCH; BELOW IS FUTURE OR NICE TO HAVE ----


youtube is failing to play some videos on firefox when  flash is not installed.  Niche problem, but needs an error message with a link to flash installer at least.   


iOS is still letting you drag the timeline outside the visible boundaries when the timeline is zoomed in (no longer can set values outside the playable range, though, so we've got that going for us which is nice)


player needs to watch for error states coming from youtube or the <video>, if possible.

Improve generic error handler 

for now: force all bg transitions to fade

remove div=clear from end of items; they interfere with sidebars

preload images ahead of playhead? 

Better handling for end of episode
 

For USC:
credly item needs to notify event analytics on item enter; we can use that to capture "user reached end of ep" requirement
credly item needs to be able to handle multiple separate badges in one event (or should we just do sequential events?)

correct youtube urls into embeddable format

episodeMetrics (or a new endpoint) should log Story application errors, too -- with browser version, platform, etc if possible

Find out why m3u8 was causing problems, fix it

Scenes should detect when content panes (including Fg and Bg) are empty, and adjust the layout to make up for it 
(better still, do this only if they're empty for more than n seconds...)

Ask Bill to add fields: 
* "friendly ID" for episodes (for use in url)
* noEmbed (for links with framebreakers)
* targetTop (for end-of-episode links to LTI host)

Producer stuff: put an "add" button with ng-if="producer" in every fg, content, and bg pane


Consider eliminating fg panes other than windowFg (check existing episodes, are any using them?)


Build a demo analytics dashboard


Scenes: handle showTimeline layouts



Rewrite timelineSvc to better handle multiple episodes:
	Needs to be able to change the video source to a new episode (different video node? change source of single node? playlist?)
	Will also need to be able to capture analytics for episode time instead of timeline time...
	timelineSvc needs functions to translate episode->timeline time and vice versa


Add a "skip" type of event to allow skipping scenes


"text" scenes:  hide video and video controls altogether, have a button at the end to start the next scene (landing screen could be a special case of this)



sceneModifier events (as plugin)